>> Richard Feldman: So to recap,
we started by looking at case-expressions.
So we've got case msg of, and
then we've got the different branches,
each of which is matching
against that msg.
We've got one use of custom type
is numerations, such as Bool.
So we just have two variants there,
true and false.
Another use case for custom types
is containers where we have not
just an enumeration but rather we've got
variance that in some cases hold on to
additional data in addition to just
specifying what the variant itself is.
So start to clickedPage by message.
Click to tab and
any combination of those that we wanna do.
And finally we saw variant functions,
which is to say how we actually
instantiate one of these things.
So case expressions are how we unwrap
them, functions are how we create them.
So you say, clicked page,
you call that even though its got
a capital letter as a function
passing the argument that it's going to
end up being held inside the custom type.
>> Speaker 2: Returning the list in the
context of custom types, can you mix list
item types if you annotate them
with a custom type that has int and
string variance?
So like-
>> Richard Feldman: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Richard Feldman: This
is a fantastic insight.
Yes, absolutely, you can.
So the question was, can you get
a list that actually holds onto
mixed types if you wrap
them in a custom type.
Absolutely, that is how you do it,
in fact.
So let's say I wanted to have a list,
which contains possibly
a mix of strings and ints.
I can make a custom type called string or
int, which has two variants.
One called it's a string, which holds onto
a string, and other called, it's an int,
which holds onto an int.
If I have a list of those,
none of the problems that we saw earlier
with iteration happened in that case.
Because if I'm writing a function,
let's say I call list.map on that.
I'm saying, yeah,
I need to handle each of these elements.
Well, it's no problem if they're
wrapped in a custom type,
because the custom type is going to
force me to handle each possibility.
It's going to say, yeah, you've enumerated
exactly which possibilities happen here.
Either it's a string or it's int, and
the case expression is gonna say, okay,
well now handle both of
those possibilities.
You have to handle
the caseload as a string and
also we have handle
the case where was an int.
So probably saw a JavaScript was that,
that's step is not there.
There's no guarantee that you'll
handling all the possibilities.
We saw the case where you pass it
to the pseudo name was a string but
on one case is was an int that cause
a problem or runtime exception.
But an can't happen if you wrap it in
a custom type because you have to write
the case expression that has to handle
all of the different possible variants,
which means you will definitely have logic
that says, if it's a string, do this.
If it's an int, do this.
So none of those downsides exist
if you do it that way, and
that's exactly what you'd
do if you wanted that.
Great question, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Going back to your exercise,
why doesn't the type
alias article collide
with the import article?
>> Richard Feldman: Why doesn't
the type alias article, so
this is the part four exercise?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Richard Feldman: Why doesn't the type
alias article conflict with the import
article?
Short answer there is that
article is the name of a module.
Inside that module, there are various
values and potentially, various types.
I guess I could just jump back to it
real quick and trust that our excellent
video editors will figure out how
to make this look coherent [LAUGH].
So, we imported article.
When I see this, that means I now
have this article module in scope
which means I can now say
article dot whatever and
that's going to refer to something
that exists inside the article module.
If I open up article.elem,
we can see that they're actually
is no type in here named article.
Maybe if I wanted to I could
say type alias article equals.
And like to find that in here and I could
expose that as something that is exposes.
And then I could say import article,
exposing article and
then I could potentially get a conflict.
But, just from importing the module,
that's no problem.
Importing the module just basically
gives me a new name space to work with.
It doesn't actually change
what's in scope yet.
Exposing does that.
Exposing brings more stuff into scope.
But just importing the article
itself doesn't do that.